Argoapp to spheron (#92)
argoapp-live/argo-docs: docs/sdk/sdk-getting-started.md

## Code

> The source code is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/spheron/argo-payments-js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/spheron/desub-js).
```
